this movie recap tells of an adventure
drama genre movie tells about the great
struggle to survive and also has very
deep human values
although this movie rarely uses dialogue
this movie is able to present a deep
meaning about the meaning of life and of
course it is very informative for all of
us
this movie begins with a middle-aged man
who is alone in the snow desert
he seemed to be digging a trench in the
middle of the vast snow field
with his bare equipment he continued to
scratch the ice tirelessly
apparently the man made the letters sos
or an emergency signal for help
interrupted in time to seek help the man
fished on the ice that was hollowed out
for daily food so that he could survive
it must be eaten raw because he had run
out of materials to make a fire because
it was impossible if there was firewood
because there is a sea of ice and snow
there so far we can already feel the
pain he feels what's wrong in the
morning if we imagine loneliness and a
sense of longing to meet his family at
home
most likely he is an accident victim who
is still alive in the arctic desert
written on the plane reads eyes polar
cargo we find out it was a logistics
transport plane that happened to crash
in that place and we know it was only
separating the man alone
we can see from his condition that he
seems to have been there for a long time
and is surviving while waiting for help
to arrive to survive he did various
scheduled ways
then when he fell asleep he took off his
shoes and saw that some of his toes were
missing
indicating that iya had cut off her toes
because she was exposed to prost bait or
a cold disease that made body parts die
and rot
then once in a while he often visited a
stone and cleaned it
what we know may be a friend or even a
close relative who died and was buried
there then he said the word until
tomorrow again when he returned from the
grave he checked the results of his
fishing rod then he was surprised that
the coffin of keon's fish was torn apart
then he understood that the polar bears
had begun to head towards his territory
he panicked and ran into the plane and
now he knew he had to be more careful
with the attack of a polar bear that
could suddenly attack him
then he always does the routine of
sending scheduled transmissions by
turning the generator
to get a signal that could be if there
is a plane passing by and find a signal
from it
he does this every day without getting
tired and giving up every now and then
he looks at the surroundings all we see
is endless ice
it was night and he fell asleep then the
next day he made a transmission again
unexpectedly a miracle came when while
playing the transmission it suddenly
gets a signal and it looks like a plane
is passing by incidentally that day the
weather was not friendly there was a
storm there he tried desperately to call
a helicopter that happened to be passing
by the place
then he used the only flare he had left
and finally the helicopter approached
him he seemed very happy because the
months of waiting had finally arrived
however fate was not on his side due to
the strong winds the helicopter lost its
balance and ended up
the helicopter fell and exploded
then he ran towards the helicopter and
found the plane already destroyed
he tried to get closer and he quickly
opened the plane door
then he helped people inside maybe there
were still people who used to be saved
and it turns out that the pilot did not
survive and was crushed to death in the
plane
however there is one co-pilot who looks
safe but that person has a deep wound in
the stomach and unfortunately the person
is a woman who is not used to english
she treats the woman's wound and waits
for the storm to subside
there the storm is still quite big he
tried to cover the woman so she wouldn't
get cold after the storm subsided he saw
that the food supply was very large
and then he looks for the possibility
that there are other items that can be
used again especially important items
how happy he was to find a satellite map
and other supporting equipment
he saw the food he ate very voraciously
because it had been a long time since he
had eaten a flavored one
with great difficulty he tried to remove
the body of the pilot and he buried it
then he went back to check the inventory
there and finally he found a cooking
utensil he was very happy because he had
not eaten warm food for a long time
then he finds a photo and then saves it
he also found a carrier in the
helicopter which made him feel happy
because it would be very useful to carry
the girl and other belongings
after successfully bringing women into
the wreckage of the plane the woman
regained consciousness he spoke
something because of the language
barrier he understood the meaning and he
told me that the pilot had died the
woman fainted again then he placed his
family photo near the woman so that he
remembers his son who is still waiting
for his mother's figure and has the
spirit again to be able to survive in
the middle of the icy snow desert
while preparing his wound medicine and
treating his wound again he studied the
map he found and started looking for his
current position point
he cooks fish mixed with noodles and for
the first time he ate very delicious
food while he was in the void
he also fed the woman and said it will
be fine and you're not alone
then he continued his usual routine
until a few days later he began to think
should he try to get to the station on
foot then he began to draw the route he
would take he thought it was better to
fight than to wait for something that
was uncertain
at least with the helicopter incident he
has a hope and also the responsibility
of a woman who is sick by making up her
mind she began to prepare everything to
go to the station
the day of departure arrived
with strong determination and prayer at
every step he tried to wade through the
vast and frozen field of ice
one full day it went quite smoothly and
with favorable weather but of course the
journey was still very far
even on the map he hasn't even reached a
quarter of it
he knows this takes patience and
determination
and night fell he decided to rest and
sleep by digging the ice and they went
to sleep
and don't forget he always says to that
woman we will be fine and you are not
alone
what a heart-wrenching word the next day
he continued to walk in the storm that
was blocking his way
as he looked at the map he still had not
reached a quarter of the way
and in the end he was on his way he
found the base camp
supposedly someone had survived there
who was probably dead by now
after that he walked again and he was
confused because he was dealing with a
very steep cliff
he went back to reading the map actually
there is no this cliff he is sad but
still not discouraged then he tried to
go up the cliff and check the top of the
cliff
is this really the way and it turns out
to be true it looks a very very smooth
road which is flanked by cliffs that
will make his journey not hit by the
wind and hear the dilemma occurs
if only iya didn't take the woman this
might be the way he would take while if
he didn't go this way he would have to
go back around the road which would be
double the normal journey
was also on the edge of a cliff that
would cause him to get hit by the wind
the direct way he tried to pull her away
after checking up the cliff and then he
was sure that he could be strong enough
to pull the woman up
and for the sake of humanity he wouldn't
have the heart to leave her
moreover he was willing to help her
until she had to lose the husband of the
pilot
with a determined determination he then
climbed the high cliff while carrying a
rope
arriving at the top he began to pull the
woman on a stretcher
with great pain the woman used to be
pulled up little by little
and finally get used to the top how
happy he is even though his energy has
been drained a lot
he found a small cave hole they rested
there but the danger came came a strange
sound from outside like a wild animal
thought to be a bear but suddenly the
woman coughed and the bear heard it and
tried to rush in
while inside he had time to cook food
for energy tomorrow to continue the
journey again
then he ate and fed the woman too while
they were about to rest and sleep he
heard a voice from outside
he was sure it was the sound of a bear
approaching he is awake and alert if he
finds out and even enters the cave
but suddenly the woman coughed and made
the bear hear it and tried to rush in
situation he tried to drive the bear
away using a flare that he found two
seeds in the woman's helicopter
and luckily the bear was scared and ran
away from the cave
he too was relieved and cried he thought
their life would end their become the
bear's meal
the next day he continued his journey
they were again hit by a great storm
the path is indeed the wind path and
they took cover in the blankets in the
stretcher with the woman
while waiting for the storm to subside
they were trapped in the blanket
after the storm died down and the
weather cleared then they took off the
covers and went out in the midst of
despair and hands that are getting
blacker a sign of being exposed to
frostbite cold inflammation he continued
to never give up while dragging the
woman with all his might until in the
end the woman's condition was very dying
and of course also supplies that have
started to run out because the path he
passed was beyond his expectations plus
he thought of her for having an
infection in his stomach
slowly he began to travel
seeing that she was a little pale then
he stopped under a big rock and started
a fire so he wouldn't get cold
but the woman looked even paler and
weaker and he thought she wouldn't last
long he took the photo with the woman
with a heavy heart he had to leave the
woman on the other hand he also felt
very guilty he felt this woman could
come to this because she had tried to
save him
he had to move on but something happened
suddenly he fell into a cave covered in
snow and realized that his feet had
slipped between the rocks and were
caught
there is nothing it's been off the load
this time his legs had to be pinched
he started to get frustrated and cry but
he felt he couldn't take it anymore but
he didn't give up and mustered up his
strength to forcibly pull his leg until
it tore and almost broke
he tried to get out of the cave by
turning back by crawling he can get out
to the top then he returned to the woman
turns out he's still alive he holds the
photo and for the lady talks and cries
then he burst into tears feeling sorry
forever thinking of leaving that woman
even though he knew this woman had tried
to save him
then he again determined and apologized
while kissing his hand and trying to
strengthen his heart that would never
leave him
and carried it with him even with a
broken leg he treated his leg by
bandaging his own leg so that the wound
would not rot
he started to pull her back even though
he was holding back the pain in his leg
while occasionally stopping to give the
woman water she also rests to gather
energy
it seems impossible to arrive safely
seeing the condition of the two who are
getting weaker this time he tried to
throw things to lighten the load so he
could get to the top
it seems impossible to arrive safely
seeing the condition of the two who are
getting weaker this time he tried to
throw things to lighten the load so he
could get to the top
before pulling he walked up to see the
situation and when he got to the top a
miracle happened
he saw from a distance a helicopter
coming down then he felt this was the
only best chance then he rushed down and
pushed her up the hill using the
remaining strength he could push all the
way to the surface
and he screams and also blames flare
that only one left the helicopter never
saw it then the helicopter just went
away
and the flare has started to die out he
took off his jacket and set fire to his
jacket to increase the flames and
duration of the fire
he didn't care about the cold anymore
because he felt this was his only chance
then the helicopter left instead he
cried holding the dying woman
encouraging him we'll be fine you're not
alone they both fainted they are holding
hands but a few moments later a voice
began to approach and it turned out that
behind them a helicopter had arrived
and the movie ends
the message conveyed by this movie is
the meaning of an event so that we can
better appreciate the life around us
even with such bitter conditions they
are still fighting for their lives and
their families without giving up